Unify density-control argument defaults (#538)
jgabry/bayesplot: NEWS.md

# bayesplot (development version)

> * Changed `bw`, `adjust`, `kernel`, and `n_dens` defaults to `NULL` in `ppc_dens_overlay()`, `ppc_dens_overlay_grouped()`, and `ppd_dens_overlay()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unified density-control argument defaults (bw, adjust, kernel, n_dens) to use `NULL` with internal fallbacks. No change in user-facing behavior. 
```
